Add guidelines for reviewing Data Science Code (#30)
aicoe-aiops/data-science-workflows: docs/guidelines-for-reviewing-datascience-code.md

# Guidelines for Reviewing Data Science Code

> Code reviews have been common practice in the software engineering field for some time. They provide developers with a well defined approach to sharing knowledge, ensuring exposure to new ideas and technologies, quality assurance of code and standardize the engineering process across both the code base and the team. As members of the AI CoE in the office of the CTO, we believe that having a well defined approach for how to do the same with data science and machine learning code is critical. Although, code is code, and we approach data science work as a subset of software engineering, there are some data science specific challenges associated with the code review process. Below are the 11 guidelines we use in our group to review data science work.     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code reviews are common practice in the software engineering field and have been for some time. They provide developers with a well defined approach to sharing knowledge, ensuring exposure to new ideas and technologies, enforcing quality assurance of code and standards for the engineering process across both the code base and the team itself.  As members of the AI CoE in the office of the CTO, we believe that having a well defined approach for how to do the same thing with data science and machine learning code is critical. Although, code is code, and we approach data science work as a subset of software engineering, there are some data science specific challenges associated with the code review process that should be addressed. Below are the 11 guidelines we use in our group to review data science work.     
```

1. **Understand the PR** : When asked for a review, make sure to first understand the issue linked and the goal of the pull request.
2. **NB Review** : Use tools like NB review when possible while reviewing Jupyter Notebooks, this will make reviewing the notebooks easier.
3. **Don’t be afraid to ask questions** : When reviewing someone’s code, if you don't understand something or are curious about why a certain approach was implemented, ask questions and get clarification. 

> 4. **Read Carefully** : Read the notebook thoroughly and try to look for logical errors or bugs in the code. Make sure all edge cases are taken care of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Read Carefully** : Read the notebook thoroughly and try to look for logical errors or bugs in the code. Make sure you bring up any possible edge cases the code will not handle correctly.
```

> 2. **NB Review** : Use tools like NB review when possible while reviewing Jupyter Notebooks, this will make reviewing the notebooks easier.

Reviewer: Can you add a space between each of these numbered sections? It looks a little crowded on the markdown.

Author: Sure. I have added some space @MichaelClifford :+1:

5. **Find ways to clean and condense the code** : Suggest alternate approaches to perform a similar action as the current code. This will present new techniques and various implementations for the team to consider.

> 6. **Future steps and actions** : Make sure the goals of the notebook are met in the end, the key takeaways are highlighted and should contain a layer of interpretation and abstraction of statistical results. While reviewing the code, it is important to ensure that future actions are being discussed so as to enable the teammates to envision for the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Future steps and actions** : Make sure the goals of the notebook are met in the end, the key takeaways are highlighted and should contain the data scientist's interpretation of any statistical and/ or experimental results. While reviewing the code, it is important to ensure that future actions are mentioned so that readers or future developers picking up the work will know the developer's intentions for follow up experiments or implementations. 
```
